Yeah, I don't know. Alright, so are we ready to talk about, presentations?
Yes, so let me start recording. Okay, guys, so let's see. 2 weeks ago we walked you through the demo day format.
So you guys are all ready and we told you in 2 weeks that we would start prepping. This workshop always marks the start of like our demo day prep season.
Okay.
So after this workshop. It'll be expected that you guys start working on it. What Troy talks about today and Troy is actually gonna come back.
At least twice for each group to dupe pitch practices with you guys. So he'll want to see a delta in the time between each of those.
So he's super generous for this time. Try always says this for our founders, which I'm very grateful for.
But today we're going to just start from the ground level, like what is even expected, what to Gemma Day pictures look like?
What did they used to look like? What is best practice now? So I'm gonna hit it over to Troy and then we'll pepper in at the end with your objectives.
And then we'll pepper in at the end with your objectives, going out of this workshop and what's expected from you in the coming weeks.
Great. Alright, thanks, Olianna. So, so the 1st thing I wanted, I do want to talk about this is I originally created this presentation for the old style demo day pitches and we're going to see one of those old style demo day pitches.
And because I think it sets the bar very high for you. And I think if you understand what it took to create that.
That you will find that it will and if you follow the process when you're creating your 1 min pitch it will be so much easier than what you're going to see in this 8, nine-minute pitch, right?
Because a 1-minute pitch is much, much, much easier. But some of the concepts are still very, very relevant and very, very important.
So think of this as a little bit general and then we'll tie it to what you're doing for demo day here.
So I need to share my screen and sound and video because we're going to have some of that and I will share my screen.
And then I will go into this. Alright. Creating great presentations. So the 1st thing you have to be very clear of is what is the goal of the presentation.
And it is different depending on what you're doing. Right? If you're doing an elevator pitch, what's the goal?
That was a question.
He's them.
Get a follow-up meeting or
Yeah, it's too intrigue them to get them interested to get the next meeting to get them to say, hey, can we talk about this more?
Right? A VC pitch. Well, you may think the goal is to get a check. The goal is usually if it's your 1st pitch, it's to get the next meeting again because, you know, nobody writes a check after one meeting.
Demo day pitch. So what is your goal at demo day? What do you want to achieve?
How do you know if you had a successful demo day?
You get file meetings.
I guess.
Yeah, it for most of you who are raising money. It's about follow-up meetings and so literally when I would coach the companies at Techstar Chicago.
When I was running it, I said, listen, if you think of demo day as a game. The company that gets the most Meeting scheduled in the next 48 h during the next 48 h, 48 h from now, the company that's the most follow-up meeting scheduled is the company that won demo day.
And that means you have to plan for that both in how you
How you deliver your pitch in your interview and your demo video. And you got to work the room. Cause that stuff just doesn't happen automatically to use one of my favorite words.
I see some of you laughing. It doesn't happen automatically, right? You gotta really work the room and you've got to make a commitment that you are a demo day.
Yeah, you wanna celebrate, but I got news for you. You can celebrate with your friends the day after.
Demo day when there's networking after the presentations you are working that room and you should each be helping each other.
So when you're talking to potential investors or angels that you know, ask them questions like, hey, which of the companies did you like the best?
Who did you think was the most interesting? And if all of you cumulatively say we're going to help each other so when someone says oh I really like what was that company that was doing that AI thing that was with the camera and like, oh, let me introduce you to him and you'll drag him over and bring him over.
What about that one with the trading and those bars? That was real. Oh, let me introduce you.
And if you're all working the room and helping each other. You're all gonna get it.
You're all gonna get more meetings. And so really is important. While we're talking about this, I'll throw something else out there that I don't know if will lay on a covered before not.
But are we gonna we're gonna have all 24 companies pitching at once, correct?
Yes. Followed by.
All right, so it's hard. Yeah. So it's hard to stand out. And so one of the things that will make it easier for the investors, if you all Each have a uniform and by uniform I really mean a t-shirt But you know, most people have a t-shirt with a particular color, but you should try to coordinate between you so you don't have 5 teams that all have royal blue
t-shirts. Right? So someone should pick Royal Blue, someone else should pick Neon. Yellow, someone else should put red, someone else so that it's Easy for the investors to both remember the colors and what they saw on stage and who they want to talk to and they can spot you in the crowd.
So literally at Chicago, we used to have a little sign up sheet and everybody would sign up on a little Google sheet of what color their shirts were going to be for demo day.
And I'll never forget when growth geeks, which was a growth hacking company, they had like these bright pink shirts and he's like yeah we got the bright pink we're the easiest to spot where the growth hackers like standing out is important because you have to stand out from the crowd.
So that's a little aside. So demo day pitch.
Cool.
No, that's it. On that I hadn't shared that with you guys. If you're the person on stage, what some founders have shared is like you guys.
If you're the person on stage, what some founders have shared, what some founders have shared is like they feel more comfortable dressing more fancy, like they want to wear a suit or they wanna wear a So like someone should be recognizable or have the t-shirt under your suit jacket or whatever it is.
This isn't a requirement, but the people that do it, I think it a lot more engagement because you're easily recognizable in this hundreds of people, you know?
Yup, and even if like if I were doing a demo day pitch, I'd be comfortable wearing a t-shirt.
But if I didn't want to wear a t-shirt, I'm 1 wear sport code, I'd wear a sport coat over my very brightly colored t-shirt that matched all of my teammates.
It was distinctive from everybody else. So that would be my style, but you can do it however you want.
So demo day pitch, the goal is. To stand out and to get those next meetings. By the way, pitch competitions.
So many people enter pitch competitions knowing I want to win the 5 grand. I want to win the 20 grand But they failed to ask.
How is the pitch competition being judged? What is the criteria you're using to pick the winner?
And by the way, pitch competitions do a crappy job of this too, because I'm a judge at a lot of these and I'll show up and I'll be asked to be a judge.
The 1st thing I do in the meeting ahead is I'm like, how are we judging them?
They're like, I don't know the best pitch wins. Like best pitch. Does that mean the one that was design the best?
Does that mean the one that has raised the most money already? Does that mean the one that is likely to raise?
Is it the one I want to invest in? Is it the one? That had the best compelling story like you have.
Those of you who are going to be in pitch competitions, I strongly urge you. When you sign up, the 1st thing you should do is communicate with the people running it and saying, what is the criteria?
What is the rubric? Because if you don't know the rules of the game, you can't win the game.
So, all right, that's pitch competitions. I'm seeing there's a bunch of chat messages and I'm not really keeping up with them because I'm alright, you guys.
You're good, I got you. Everyone's calling, Yeah. Okay.
So I distracted them, sorry. Oops. So, I'll just put that off to the side then.
Okay, structure for a great pitch. So you know you want to stand out. And you know you want to have the most meetings afterwards.
And the format here is that you're going to give a straight-up pitch. You're going to have a video and you're gonna have an interview.
I suggest that you have a very clear objective. For each of those sections. And you don't have to do them in any particular order.
Usually the interview is 3.rd Usually people open up with their pitch and they say, hey, and now look at a demo.
But you could start with the demo if you need that context and then go into your pitch. In your pitch, In this particular case, doesn't have slides.
You have one slide that's up behind you, correct?
During the pitch there, no, there's no side. It'll come up when the EIR goes.
Just block.
There's just a, there's just a, okay, so it's totally blank. So it's, it's a verbal pitch.
So. But you want to have a really clear objective. What are you trying to do with the pitch part?
What are you trying to accomplish with the demo part or the video part? And what do you try to accomplish in the interview?
And for example, generically, this isn't specific to any company, but Maybe in the Pitch part, I really want to get their attention.
And I want them to see the potential for how big of a problem this is, how big of a market it is, and why I am amazingly fit to be the CEO of this company and to take it.
Take it to be a giant company. And then in the demo, I want to give that context. I want them to believe that this is the best product in this market.
And here are the 3 reasons why. And then I'm going to use the Q&A. To sell and to many of the objections that I've been getting when I talk to mentors and investors.
People say, well, your market's not big enough. So then let's in the Q&A have the person and you get to with the Q&A, I think you know this, Your mentor and you will coordinate what are the questions to be asked.
And so if you need to sell into market size, you're going to have your mentor ask, hey, you know, this doesn't feel like a very big market.
Why should I be interested in this? And then you talk about how big the market is. And then the next objection that you continually get when you're pitching.
And you sell into that objection. And then of course you want to have him give him or her give you a question that allows you to close tightly sell and ask people for input.
Action is for them. So it's really important to be superintentional. Now let's talk about a pitch and again this is a little more generic.
I think it still applies to what you're doing here, but this was designed more for the more traditional demo day pitch.
So you gotta have a big opening. Here's the deal. You've got 10 to 15 seconds to get people's attention or they're on their phones.
So, my strong advice. Is do not open with. Hi, my name's Troy Henakoff.
I'm the managing director of math venture partners and I'm so glad you all came here. Thank you.
I just wasted 15 seconds. They are bored and they're on their phones. So you have to open with something that's gonna get their attention.
There are a number of techniques to do this. You could say something surprising that they don't expect.
You could talk about a giant problem that's really compelling. You can talk about a big dollar amount a big market there are a lot of different ways to do this But literally we're going to We're gonna go through the slide process.
I know you're not necessarily doing slot. You're not doing slides when you're pitching, but you should still think about it.
In terms of if you had a slide up there. My 1st action and maybe you'll be practicing with little 3 by 5 cards.
You have an objective and the 1st objective has got to be get their attention.
The next thing is that when you're giving a pitch One mistake that many entrepreneurs make is Like I gotta throw everything in here, but the kitchen sink.
I am gonna put everything in. I'm gonna talk about my go to market strategy. I'm gonna talk about my team.
I'm going to talk about customers. I'm gonna talk about unit economics. I'm gonna talk.
And the problem is that your audience doesn't have the attention to remember or the ability to remember 10 things.
And so what would happen, I tell this story, my daughter loved demo days. And when we were practicing for demo days and stuff, she said, what companies did you hear?
What did they talk about? And if they talked about 10 things, I'd only remember 3 of them.
But they might not be the right 3. Right? Think about it. You have 3 most important ones.
You'd want me to remember when I was at the dinner table telling it. But maybe I remember the 3 least important to you.
And it's very easy to solve for. Only give me the 3 that are the most important. And the way I think about that is if I am able to land, if being if the audience hears that this is a giant market.
That I have great margins and I'm already getting traction. Are they gonna be interested? Yeah, maybe that's right.
Again, I use generic terms. The more specific you are, the better. But I wanted it to be particular.
So I want you to be particular. So, you know, for your business, think about what are the 3 points that if they believe these 3 things, they're going to want the next meeting.
And that's what you want to put. You only want to make those 3 points. Please close with the call to action.
When you do these pitches, the call to action is probably come talk to me. Seek me out.
I wanna meet you. You know, I don't know what the rules are around specifically asking for investment.
I'll let L Lianna and Neil and the team take care of that. And then this one, frankly, I stole from David Cohen.
Show don't tell. To the best that's why we have the video the demo video I can tell you about my great product, that you want, but it's not gonna feel real.
One of the biggest reasons for doing the demo video. Is to make it feel real. Literally, that could be.
Your objective of the demo is that they feel that this is a real product with real customers. It's really hard to do that with words.
What's your idea.
It's very easy to do that. Video. Huh?
I think we had someone not muted. I got him.
All right, so show don't tell. And then this last. Piece is well it's not next last piece of stories or what may make things stick so it's very hard to remember a bunch of facts But it's really easy to remember a story.
There's a really great book called Made to Stick. It was a New York Times bestseller about 10 years ago.
It was orange with duct tape on the cover. It's written by the Heath Brothers.
One of them is the professor at Stanford and the other one. I forgot what he does. It's an awesome book.
And you have time now. You have 30 days till demo day almost. I would strongly recommend Get a copy of Made to Stick.
And breed through it. It's not a textbook, it's fun, it's full of stories, and they talk about how when you tell a story, It helps you, it helps your ideas stick with the audience.
And then I love this quote. Which is people don't remember what you say nearly as much as they remember how you made them feel.
And if you have the kind of business that can give people goose spots when they talk about it. It is incredible.
It is really impactful and people will remember you. God, I want to talk to that company that was doing that thing, saving lives.
I want to talk to that company who was doing that thing that, you know. My family would have needed or.
You know, it's gonna take people out of poverty or whatever the whatever the emotional thing is.
If you can get a motion. It's incredibly, incredibly powerful. So. Signal versus noise.
Do we have any engineers in the audience? What does this mean? Signal versus noise.
Getting the most important message out outside of the clutter.
Yeah.
Making it stand out more outside of the clutter. Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, I'm, I'm gonna very much date myself. But in the old days, car stereos used to have a little dial and you would turn the dial to tune the frequency.
And it will be static. And then you start hearing a little music, a little music, and when you got it right in the center, the most part you had the most music and the least static.
That was signal versus noise. When you are talking, when you're giving your pitch, when you are giving your video demo.
You want all signal, no noise. This goes for, you know, any kind of pitch you're doing, whether it's a demo day pitch, whether it's a pitch competition, whether it's a VC pitch.
This isn't like writing a book report in 8th grade where you need 4 pages so you're going to put a bunch of filler in.
If you only have, if you have 8 min to give your pitch and you only have 6 min worth of content, Make it 6 min worth of punchy content.
Do not have extra words. Do not have filler. Hit the 3 big points you want to hit, reinforce them appropriate close with the call to action you're done.
Any excess words, any excess noise will be a distraction. Signal versus noise. That's why I have it in such big font.
But the most important thing I said stories are what stick is that you get the story right. And here's my process.
For getting the story right. And I would do this for both. Your video, which you're gonna script with potentially slides and maybe video however you're going to do it.
And your pitch itself, your pitch itself, you're not going to actually have slides, but I would think about it as index cards.
You will not use the index cards on stage, but when you're 1st practicing, you could have a series of index cards that are like, oh, 1st I want to get their attention.
Next I want to talk about the size of the market. For those things are, And we start when we build a pitch and I'm going to show you a video of a live pitch from Techstar Chicago.
They all started with this simple process. Every slide starts with black text on a white background. No special fonts, no special images, just black text on a white background.
Each slide at the bottom of it, we typically use the notes section of a slide, had the word objective and what the objective of that slide is.
If you don't have an objective for a slide, you should not have it and you should not have more than one objective per slide.
So we'll go through some examples, but the objective may be. 1st slide maybe get their attention.
Next slide maybe. Show them it's a giant market. The next slide might be show them we have an unfair advantage in customer acquisition.
The next slide may be we have an amazing team, but each slide has an objective. And this does 2 things for you.
One is it helps you tell a story. If you read just the objectives, they should tell a nice logical story.
2 is it helps you as the one presenting to know what the objective is? And it's easy to talk to an objective if you have it and you don't have to worry about memorizing every single word.
If I know the purpose of this slide is to talk about how big the market is, I can come up with some words on the fly that talk about how big the market is.
And if I know the purpose of the next slide is talk about a customer acquisition, I know I can come up with those words.
I have to memorize every single word. The people who try to memorize every single word. Get stuck.
We had one of them who got stuck. At demo day in San Francisco in January. And what happened was the same thing that happens to a three-year-old doing the ABCs.
They get stuck. They're like, 80, CDFG, h.
BCDE, FGHI and they keep rewinding and starting over again because that's the only way they get in the pattern.
You don't want to be that three-year-old on stage. Now the person who did it at demo date played through the audience was supportive.
But it was because she was trying to memorize every word and when she skipped one word the whole rhythm was broken.
This is why you're much better off. Having a series of objectives. I got to talk about the market size.
I got to talk about customer acquisition. I got to talk about having bullet points basically. By the way, at this level, there are no pictures, no graphs.
We're gonna throw out these slides, low fidelity prototype. Like we're gonna, we.
The worst thing you can do is take a bunch of slides you've already built. Say, I want to get this cool pie chart.
I want to get this cool bar graph. I want to get this. And you put them together and you have what I call a Frankenstein pitch.
You have the head from one, the body from another. It's horrible. It really is. And so you don't wanna have a Frankenstein pitch?
You want to have a well organized logical pitch.
Yep.
Can I add in here? Try. Is there asking like, we don't have slides, do we?
Well, while you don't have slides for your pitch, you have one slide for your QA.
This is also relevant when you're building your investor slide deck as well as for this pitch.
So I highly recommend you doing this to build your one-minute pitch, whether on a Google Doc or Google Slides, like Troy is saying, like, plan out your objective for each segment of the pitch, there will be multiple segments like 4 or 5 within that 1 min so that you know that you're hitting on each thing.
So start with that storyline outline, even though we're not going to have slides, just black text white background so you can click through.
And then you'll always be able to have these anchors when you fill it in with text like Troy is saying.
So this is extremely relevant whether you're doing a full pitch deck or not. And it sounds like, There's just another question. Try.
Go ahead.
And I'm all. Sorry. And I'm also trying to give you more than just how you do this deck.
I want you to have a skill of being able to present anywhere, any time. I'm going to be presenting in front of What are we gonna have 4, 500 people, something like that?
I want you to be comfortable presenting in front of that sized crowd anytime in the future of your life.
And this is kind of my formula for how you do that.
And then.
Yeah, and even when you think you can, you can't. Cause like Troy saying, like when you see all those people, it's a completely different circumstance than practicing in your room.
Yeah, and like in one of the last tech stars we had in Chicago. One of the teams was practicing.
So it's really good. If you can give your pitch while you're distracted, you know you can give it anywhere.
And so they had their pitch, they had it nailed, and they went on public transportation on the Chicago L.
They were like on the red line or something. People like just to train full of car, a car full of people, a train car full of people and just started giving their pitch and then some people who were there were heckling them their pitch and then some people who were there were like heckling them and their teammates were heckling them and their teammates were heckling them and their teammates were heckling them and if you can give your pitch on a moving train car with people you don't
know and people heckling you, you've got it down. Alright, the last piece of this is yeah, there is a video of it.
The last piece of this is that there, it's so important that you create a story.
I'm coming back. 2. The book made to stick. Create a story.
So what I will do When I review pitch decks for people. I will 1st just write down the objectives of every slide.
And it's like an outline of a story and it better make sense and I can't I just did this last week for someone at Kellogg and literally it was like.
You know, big opening, great market, go to market strategy, big market. We're gonna sell a lot.
I'm like you are bouncing back and forth. It makes no sense, right? Because they went from market to size a market to selling to size a market again.
Like you want to have a smooth flowing story. If you have a smooth flowing story. Everything is going to tie together.
People are going to remember it. It's going to make logical sense and they're going to like you.
And the other part about a story, and you're going to see this in the video that you watch in a second.
Is if you tie the beginning the big opening to the ending. And tied up in a bow, or you refer back to it, it just makes it feel really cohesive.
Think about those movies where the opening scene ties to the closing scene and you're like, oh, that's how it all fits together.
Right? So I'll give you some examples. So this is, you know, keynote here I have on the bottom huge objective, huge potential market.
So I have a title, yep.
Try before you move in here. I think Antonio had a question on the last slide. He's had his hand up for a bit.
Oh, I can't see hands up and stuff.
No, not. I got you. Let's see, I get.
Oh yes. So just to follow up with the question, what Liana was saying, how can you use this structure for the 1 min pitch?
So it sounds like from what you were saying, Okay, We can in a way like build 5 slides like one with a big opening.
3 slice for the 3 key takeaways and one slide for the closing, closing thing would be a good preparation to the 1 min pitch having these 5 slides that we can visualize.
And talk off of it.
Yeah. A 100%. I think if I were doing it, I would probably have 5. Or so index cards so that I have them portable and I can just thumb through them because all they're gonna have is on them really is an objective and maybe some bullet points.
But I would be starting to practice with the index cards, and then I would put the index cards away and be able to deliver it.
And if on your index cards, if you're visual like I am, maybe you have a little icon for each one that helps you remember what the objective is or a visual graph or whatever it is but yes you would I would absolutely create a story.
Like this even for your verbal only pitch.
Okay, so This is what it looks like when you're doing it in a DEC. You start out, you can see there in the speaker notes I wrote huge, or objective, huge potential market.
So my objective, you can convey how big this market is. I put a title on the slide in black text with white background.
And then I'm like, oh, I think I want a bar graph. For the market size from 2,01020, 20, actual projected.
I don't do any more than that. It's only black text on a white background. If by the time I'm done with this, I decide this is what I want, I will probably have changed that.
Oh, I don't want a bar graph. I want to like, I really want a pie chart and I want, no, I want a photograph of someone in the stock exchange and at some point when I nail it.
I will then make this slide beautiful. And if I know that what I'm trying to do is show there's a huge potential market.
There are a lot of different ways I can show that. But if I'm if I am indeed showing it's a huge potential market, I don't have to worry about how it relates to the other slides because it will because each slide has an objective and if I meet the objective on each slide I've got a great story and it's awesome.
And so this is what I mean when I say low fidelity prototype. No more than that.
By the way, when you get to the next stage, if you're building this for, for instance, you know, a traditional pitch competition or a VC deck.
When you get to the, do I really want it to be a pie chart? What I would do to make the little fidelity prototype is that go to a whiteboard.
Take 10 seconds and draw a pie chart, take a photo of it off my phone and paste the photo in here.
I don't want to spend any time dealing with tools and making things fancy until I know, oh, the pie chart doesn't look right.
I think it should be a bar graph. And then I can take a photo of a bar graph that took me 10 seconds to plug it in.
Oh, that's better. That conveys it better. And then once I have that low fidelity prototype and it's right, then you make it look beautiful.
Alright, we're gonna watch a pitch. This is a company that was in Techstar, Chicago, 2,015.
I think it was 15. And I want to tell you. At Mark who is the CEO here.
I want to tell you a little bit more about how we created this. So he is a total Nerdy, introverted, technologist.
He was scared to death of getting on stage. He was on the main stage at the House of Blues in Chicago with 500 people in the audience.
He did an amazing job. There are 2 key elements to his having done an amazing job. We followed.
The path that I showed you, we started with black text on a white background slide. Everyone had an objective.
We refined it, refined it, refined it, that process of refined, I met with him every day for 30 days as I did with each of my companies, we put a lot of time into this.
And at the end of the process we had an amazing pitch. And he practiced it and practiced it.
To the point where it was just, he could have done it standing on his head, he could have done it on the L train, he could have done it anywhere.
And you will see his delivery is awesome. There are no extra awards. I want you to pay attention to the elements.
Big opening, how he finishes, how he tells a story. And, I'm gonna just let it play.
It is much longer than you guys have for this, but I want you to get an idea of what, how good a pitch can be.
The one last thing I want you to pay attention to is When most people think about creating a DAC, they put a lot of words on the deck and then they read the audience the words that are on the deck.
They're almost 0 words on this stack. And you will see that the DAC, the images are reinforcing.
What his words are. They are not duplicating. So I'm gonna hit play on this, Lilian.
If you could just yell over the sound and make sure you can hear the sound, cause I can't see you.
But if you could just let me know that you can hear the sound when it starts, that would be great.
Okay.
Okay. We can hear it.
Have you ever seen a UPS truck make a left-hand turn? You might have heard that UPS is so obsessed with efficiency that their trucks are forbidden from making left hand turns.
Well, let me tell you that's bullshit My name is Mark, founder of Ratific, and I'm not here to bullshit you.
I'm here to tell you a true story of Alex, the CEO of localization. One of the 42 customers currently paying for rotific.
They deliver 100,000 bottles of bear across the city of Austin every week. Alex's job is to make sure all his deliveries are on time.
And to do this, he used to spend 2 h every morning manually planning his routes with Excel spreadsheets.
Then he and his team zigzagged across town racing to get everything done. While I covered every stop, Alex knew there had to be a more efficient route for his trucks.
But he couldn't figure it out. His logistics has become such a bottleneck that Alex was forced to turn down business.
So how did he solve this? Did he buy more trucks? Nope. Did you avoid left hand turns?
No. Alex was smarter than that. He Googled route optimization and found us. Let me show you how rotific changed Alex's world.
This morning, Alex took his list of 57 stops and dropped it into ratific. And by the way, with 57 stops You already have 40, quartz or vegetarian possible permutations, each of which represents a delivery schedule for likes.
The routing problem is considered one of the hardest problems.
In computer science.
Okay.
Troy, I think we lost your network.
Shall we take a break?
Thank you.
Yeah, I'll be back in a second.
No.
That's a lot of permutation. Yeah.
It was just getting good.
I know. It is good.
See what he means to the slides like adding on to what he's saying and not like there's almost no text and it's really well done.
Yeah.
This is a great example. Try shows it's that program.
But so Lilian, you said that we're not gonna have as lights behind us when we do.
Please.
No, this is the old way of doing things. Roy shows this video because it's still a great example for some principles, core principles.
What happened?
So you'll see we'll talk about it at the end. But this also you guys might give full-on pitches for investors and so it's still good to be able to Yeah, we lost your network.
It.
Man, and then I, and then I dialed it man.
So on the, so you're invisible right now, that's super cool.
Alright.
There you are.
Well, there we go. We were on the permutations.
Like the Excel.
Alright, do you want, you want me to try again?
Yeah, can you fast forward to where he has like the. The number of permutations.
That's where.
Yep. Yup. Let me see if I can do that. Alright, I've got a share again.
And Make sure I'm sharing with sound, optimized for video.
Have you?
We can hear it.
Tillion possible permutations, each of which represents a delivery schedule for Alex. The routing problem is considered one of the hardest problems in computer science.
Our proprietary algorithm can churn through these permutations and generate an optimized schedule in seconds.
Next, Alex dispatch those routes directly to his driver's smartphones. We made route optimization that simple.
Show don't tell.
We helped Alex reclaim 2 h of his work day, which he now spends growing his business.
What's more, we cut this driving time and fuel consumption in half. This allowed Alex to serve more customers.
Without buying more trucks or hiring more staff. In fact, Alex tells us that he has now doubled the number of deliveries he makes every single day.
Is that amazing. I get really excited about this. You see, my story started 7 years ago when I wrote my thesis on advanced route optimization algorithms.
But instead of publishing papers, I want to apply it to the real world and make real businesses run more efficiently.
So I assembled a team. A team that is not only strong on product and design with Andre, Stefano and Jonathan.
We also have 16 years of sales and marketing experience between Andrew, Suzanne and me. When I was a consultant, I built routing systems for large corporations.
And along the way, I learned something interesting about the industry. Let me share it with you. Even though UPS, Fedex and the US.
Postal Service have invested billions of dollars to build route optimization in-house. They only account for 6.5% of the delivery market.
They have large corporations that can afford to pay consultants to implement enterprise writing software, but even if you take all 300 of the largest fleets in America, they still only account for 18.5% of the market.
So what about the rest? These are the 350,000 fleets with 4.5 million trucks on the road and almost all of them are still routed manually.
They desperately need route optimization. And rotific is built to meet exactly this need.
Now, in the past, there have been a handful of companies who tried to go after this market.
But as soon as they gained any sort of traction, they were immediately acquired by larger enterprises. Their product and team were absorbed.
And their focus shifted up market, leaving behind a big hole. Rightific is the only solution dedicated for the masses.
These are some of our customers who already cannot live without us.
We have a simple revenue model. We charge $39 per vehicle per month. That's nearly $500 a year.
All right, customer has 8 vehicles. They pay us almost $4,000 each year. We've learned that the cost us $952 to acquire a customer.
The acquisition cost is paid back within 4 months.
Now, the only thing we need to do is step on the gas and get the word out. Here's how we go to market.
We have 3 different approaches for 3 different segments of the market. For small fleets, we rely on SEO and ads.
For fleets between 10 and 50 vehicles, the meat of the market, this is where we focus on direct sales and marketing efforts.
For larger fleets, we rely on channel partner integrations. Channel partners are awesome. They give us access to large plates and they do the selling for us.
Varnigo is a great example. They've integrated our API into the Vonicle platform and that's how we got national accounts like Goodwill and Habitat for Humanity using every day.
In the last couple of months, we've gained a lot of momentum with channel partners, and we're very excited to be partnering up with these brands.
And with these 3 approaches, We've grown on average more than 25% every month since the beginning of this year.
This is just the start. Of our journey. We're on a mission. To make route optimization accessible to every local delivery business.
We are empowering people like Alex to operate just as efficiently as UPS. What we want to do is forbid them from making left-hand turns.
My name is Mark. We are atific. Come talk to us if you'd like to geek out on logistics.
Alright. So, hopefully you all have a sense for what a good pitch can look like. I'd love to hear your comments on this uniotific.
What did you like about it? What did you not like about it? What did you take away from it?
What did you learn from watching it? Bob.
This guy had a fantastic narrative. I feel like He walked me through any potential questions I might have.
And broke down the answers to the questions before even asking them. In a way that talks to multiple different audience types, whether they're data driven or they're more emotional and how they decide.
And I think his gestures, his hand motions and the way he delivered it, the pacing.
Supported the narrative he was telling and the sequencing very well. I think A plus plus. Yeah.
Yeah, so I want a couple of things I wanna, I wanna. Double down on there is I want to translate this to what you guys are doing.
So if this were demoed a pitch, the way you guys are doing it. He would have opened up with the market and the problem.
In his verbal pitch, probably told a little story. He probably would have had a video that would have showed how effective it was the trucks zooming around all the couple of those how their MRR is growing, whatever, that little, demo of how it worked.
And then in the Q&A, we would have asked him questions that would have let him reveal his unit economics.
And its revenue growth and tied back at some point to the story that he told when he opened. Like you could have executed this whole thing as a pitch 1 min verbal a 1 min video and then 6 min or whatever you have 6, 7 min of QA.
It wouldn't have been the same, but the ideas are the same. And this is why I wanted to use this.
Valeria, you had your hand up.
Yeah, I was just gonna echo all what Bob said, but then also add on like, you mentioned at the beginning, like tie it all back, close that loop and he did that with the left hand turn.
Yeah.
Like it, it Beautifully finished the story and then ended it on a light hearted note and I just did a really good job.
Yeah, Mal?
Yes, some related thinking. It's part question. I'm curious when we get down to this 1 min format, cause I think he did exceptional job with cadence.
I think it was so smooth. I think it felt really I'm curious in a minute how challenging that becomes to not be too fast, not be too slow, things like that.
Yeah, so I think that the team at Techstars has some videos of people who've done a really good job of it with the 1 min pitches.
And Lilianna can you will you be able to share some of those from historical ones?
Okay. Yeah, we already shared them and it sounds like some of you might have missed our session 2 weeks ago, but 2 weeks ago we had like a hour and a half session where we showed about 8 examples.
So if you missed that, make sure you go watch the recording of that. It was called demo day format walkthrough very important because we showed you our top ones.
Yeah, and by the way, a couple people have pointed out that Mark did such a good job in his speaking skills.
In his pacing. Some things he slowed down for when they're really important other times he talked really fast when he got excited He changed his volume.
It makes it so much more interesting for you to follow. And again, I will, I Mark's a great guy.
I still stay in touch with him. We email, whatever we talk once every 6 months. He is a total nerdy introverted guy.
Like he is that guy who did his master's thesis on route optimization for real. So.
Anybody can do it if you practice enough. And you have the benefit of only having to practice for the 1 min pitch.
The video is gonna run by itself and the Q&A you have to practice your answers, but that's a much easier format because the EIR is gonna be prompting you.
So, Bob, you have another question.
Yeah, I think it's aligned with what you said in response to my earlier comments, but also with what you just said.
I'm a little bit worried about the difference of effectiveness between what I just saw and having a different format where we do have a QA sort of fireside chat style at the end personally.
I feel like what I just saw is fantastic and what I would love to have us be able to do From an impact perspective, I don't know if we'll execute as well.
But I'm curious what your thoughts are if you have any data that says. The sort of QA format we're going for will or may not be as effective as what we just kind of witnessed.
Trey, do you wanna?
Yeah, so I'll tell you my
Huh?
Yeah, I was gonna say take it and then I have some data too.
Yeah. I'll give you my take. So Neil 1st told me he was changing the, I am very biased.
I like the 8 min pitches. There were some tech stars cohorts that in other cities that were doing four-minute pitches.
I didn't think 4 min was enough to get your case across. We had, I believe the Texter, Chicago, we had the best pitches I will put.
Scientific. I've got a dozen other ones that are equally good. I'll put them up against anybody.
And Neil told me he was going to do this new format like, I don't know, 3 years ago, 4 years ago, whatever it was.
And I was so sceptical and I went to that demo day and I sat in the audience and I was like.
And, I walked away thinking, wow, that was pretty good. And I'll tell you what I liked about it as someone sitting in the audience.
You know, when we used to have 10 pitches in a row. It was hard to keep the attention level to 10 good pitches that were all similar in format, a person speaking, a bunch of slides.
You know, then we went to 12 companies. You're gonna have 24 or something like that that are gonna be out there up there on demo day.
And it just gets hard to stand out and it's boring to see 24 pitches in a row.
But with the mix up of a personal message that's delivered with no notes and no slides like my name is Troy and I'm here because I am so excited about my new company I cannot wait to show you a demo of what we're going to do.
We are going to take over the world, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, 1 min.
Boom, demo. Oh, that's cool. Then I got a bunch of questions in my head as the audience member.
So boom, a bunch of those questions get answered in this format with the EIR. And then I go to the next one.
It because of the variation, it made it so much easier to sit through and to watch and I felt like I learned more about the entrepreneurs and what drove them.
And so I actually am pretty biased. I like this new format. I didn't think I was going to.
Well, Leon, you said you had some data.
Yes.
I remember when you were skeptical. So one, it helps scale. Like Troy said, I don't want to be redundant because I said all of this in the other workshops.
It's just stop me, Bob, if you've already heard this, but With scale, it would be almost impossible to have everyone just sit through 10 min pitches for 24 companies and we have scaled.
So we used to have 10 companies and then we had 12 and now we have 24. So it just We started this before we even knew we were gonna scale like that.
Like we started when it went from 10 to 12. And the data that we shared was when we had to switch to virtual for COVID in our very 1st one, we started doing virtual demo days where they would record these 10 min pitches and we put it out on a platform and share it.
And then when we started seeing, we did that 2 times. And what we started seeing was people stopped watching the pitches at 2 because we had this software where we could watch and see when people pause or whatever to help with engagement.
Like we couldn't really track what people thought or whatever to help with engagement. Like we couldn't really track what people thought of the pitches without that.
And then people just didn't watch the whole pitches, like we couldn't really track what people thought of the pitches without that.
And then people just didn't watch the whole pitches for like any of them. So that's where the idea sparked for me and Neil and Brad to think about this.
And like that's kind of the data-driven approach where people stopped watching it and don't want to come to demo days.
That have 10 min pitches anymore. They're much more engaged when you have like a very versatile set on stage.
And the whole point is to get to that meeting where then you will do the full pitch and we have part of the data room curriculum that helps you build your pitch.
It's the last module and that's where you'll do this whole thing. So it's not like no one will hear any of that.
More engaging to even have that door open. Because if we just do it boringly, you're not going to get that next meeting.
So I hope that's helpful, Bob.
Yeah, I think what I kind of not hearing specifically, but I guess I can infer it is that also by having folks not stop watching a video.
That means getting to that second meeting and actually converting on receiving pitches and receiving funding. The data should then also show the new.
Is at least as effective in terms of the point of pitching in the demo day and being able to raise is that what I'm also hearing?
Yeah, and people were seeing a trickle off of their attendance. So when we came back in person, people were not as interested in coming to demo days at all. So when we came back in person, people were not as interested in coming to demo days at all.
They had just tired of the format in general. As interested in coming to demo days at all. They had just tired of the format in general.
So our peers in the other cities that were doing the old format, we're not getting the numbers that they normally did.
And we were hitting consistent numbers of hundreds of people. So they started asking us and other people started adopting it and I can give you a list of other people who adopt it too if you want to talk to their founders but basically it started catching like wildfire around tech stars because they just couldn't get people to come to their events.
So that's what ended up happening.
Awesome. Thank you.
Back to you, Tray.
Alright, I think so. I want to talk about what next steps are. So we're gonna be, best way that you can have an awesome pitch.
Is by developing that story, iterating through iterating through it's only 1 min, you're going to have trouble getting everything you want into 1 min.
Samuel Clemens, famous quote is, you know, I would have written you a shorter letter only I didn't have the time.
It is hard to be concise. And there is an art to it. But you should be starting right now.
Like literally tonight tomorrow with I want to think about why 1 min pitch. I would open up the slight tool of your choice, PowerPoint keynote, Google slides.
I'd be putting an objective on the top of each one. You could use no cards if you want, but getting that pitched on.
What are the points I want to make? And nailing it. Now wait, I realized I put the cart before the horse.
Before you do that, You should have a big picture of objective, which is what do I want to accomplish with my 1 min pitch?
What do I want to accomplish with my video? And what do I want to accomplish with my Q&A?
Look clearer you are on the objectives, the easier the rest of the task will be. And it's okay for you to spend a couple of days just wrestling with what do I want to accomplish with each one of those pieces because the clearer and more concise you are on those, the easier each task will be.
And then we'll break it down to the next section. So once you know what you want to accomplish with your pitch, you do what I just said.
Once, think of a slide as a chapter of your pitch. One slide for each one. Probably be 5, it could be 6 or 7 objective, maybe a couple bullet points, black and white.
Done. Think about scripting out your demo, your video demo. What do you want to you know what you want to accomplish?
So do the same thing with it with bullet points. It don't have to be slides, everyone do, but bullet points.
You're telling a story with your video. Nail that and then you're going to have the opportunity for 4 or 5 questions to nail the last part, which is usually selling into objections.
And this is the next step and the team at Techstars is going to help you along with check-ins and having you having you do certain pieces, please follow their lead here.
I have some time on the calendar where I'm going to be coming and checking in and we're going to do some pitch practice where you're going to literally give your 1 min pitch.
And then I'm going to give you feedback and say, oh, this was really unclear. What if we said it this way?
What if we did whatever? I don't have time to do that with you every day for the next 30 days, but you should be trying to get that kind of input every single day for the next 30 days.
But you should be trying to get that kind of input every single day for the next 30 days. Anytime you have opportunity to to get someone to give you feedback on the pitch, you should be doing it from here forward.
Because the more times you execute it and the more feedback you get, the better. But it's up to you.
This is just like mentor madness. You're going to get mentor whiplash.
You'll have some people tell you to turn laughs, some people thought they turn right, some people tell you go up, go down, and it's your job.
To not just say, okay, I should turn left, but to say why do you think I should turn left?
Why do you think I should turn right? Why do you think I should go up? Why do you think I should go down?
Because only you. Can make the ultimate decision about what the right approach is. And if you took everybody's feedback, you'd have a Frankenstein pitch again.
You'd have the arm from one the head from another, the body of a 3.rd So what's most important is that you have a single thread.
Through each one of these events. I'll call them the pitch, the demo and the Q&A, a thread for the pitch.
A thread for the video and a thread for the Q&A. And that it's consistent, sharp, and tight.
Questions?
Yeah, why don't we pause here for questions. And then we're going to do a fun activity.
Good, I like fun activities.
Any? That's what we always do. It's a surprise. For you.
Any questions? Okay, well you can pop them in the chat while this is going on. What we like to do at the end here is that this workshop is your kickoff.
So in order to help you know where to start, I like to take the end of this and while we have choice time just on the spot quick 10 to 15 seconds.
Trial of a pitch without thinking too much. For the sole purpose of you not having a blank page. So I will take volunteers.
I'm gonna be nice today. Usually I just call on people. But we're gonna take volunteers.
Mutra, I can always count on you to go first.st I really appreciate it. We're gonna just go for as long as I'll stop you at a minute because some people when it's not planned will ramble which is fine if you only have 10 to 15 seconds that's good if you get to a minute, which is fine. If you only have 10 to 15 seconds, that's good.
If you get to a minute, that's also good. Troy will give you quick feedback and then you can watch this recording and transcribe it so that at least you have something to start with.
If you don't want to go at all today, you can want your classmates to at least get an idea.
So remember, don't start by introducing yourself. Start by trying to grab our attention. Have 3 things you want us to get about your business and try to end with some sort of call to action.
It's okay if you don't get to all of that because you're just doing it off the top of your head, but I appreciate the brave cells who have raised their hands.
So, Troy, did you want to add anything else or do you wanna just start?
Nope, go for it.
Amazing. Okay, Maria. Whenever you're ready.
The average US musician makes less than $20,000 per year in total income and yet Taylor Swift earned over 1 billion dollars on her latest tour.
Cicada helps musicians make more money from live music. We have already. Okay, acquired 38 paying customers in 12 countries and during Texas, we just figured out that the primary distribution method for our product and the primary decision makers in the business are music managers.
Therefore, we are now in talks with some of the world's largest music managers, including people who work at red light management and, people who manage, TikTokers with over 1 million views.
Okay.
In order to implement the KATA into their live performances. We help musicians get paid for artists for sorry for products and services at live concerts.
And we help audiences foster a deeper sense of community with their beloved idols. That's Dakota. I'm talking to me after the show.
We've already raised $200,000 prior to, this event and we are now kicking off our next fundraising stage in order to bring this to the biggest music and venues in the world.
That's amazing. That was about a minute 5 seconds.
Cool.
So that was really good for off the cuff. I do think that you got a lot wordy.
You should go back and watch this. This has been recorded. You tried to stuff too much. Oh, and we did this and we did that and we did this.
What were the 3 points you were trying to make?
People are using it. We are. In talks with important customers. And, it solves a big problem, but it's also 2 a and my wife is leaving the next room without the door.
So I'm trying to be go ahead.
Okay, alright, so I would try to tighten that up a bunch. I think that your opening was amazing Right?
Okay.
So the opening was the average musician makes $20,000 a year, yet Taylor Schiff made over a billion dollars last year.
Why is there such a big discrepancy? We're going to help solve that. Now, I would probably have gone into something I probably would have gone a little different tactic.
I would have said musicians are musicians because they love to make music not because they're good business people.
That's why they hire managers. The problem is the managers don't know what to do. Let me introduce you to Cicada.
So Kata partners with managers to help managers do their job better and make more money for musicians. And you don't have to explain everything.
You want people to walk away from that conversation or that presentation being like, I want to learn more. If you've told me everything, I don't need to learn more.
I don't need to pay attention to the next thing. But you want them literally to be like show me the demo I want to see how this thing works.
And so if you just give them enough, it'll be great. And I think you're off to a good start.
But everybody should think about this. You don't need to tell the whole story. Right? The example I give people is But it's sort of like the trailer to the movie.
When you go to the movies and you see those previews, you've all seen the trailers.
The good ones are the ones where you see the suspenseful plot. You see the cool special effects, the sexy co-stars, and you're like, damn, I gotta go see that movie.
But you've also seen one where you see the suspension fly, the sexy co-stars, the cool special effects, and how it ends.
You know, like, oh, I know how the movie ends. I don't need to go see it.
You were trying to create a trailer. You want to leave some intrigue. You want to, you want them to be like, I need to learn more.
And so in your sequencing and your pitch, You want to leave them with God, I want to learn more, so they will pay attention to your demo.
In the demo, you want them to be like, I want to learn more so they'll listen to the Q&A.
And in the Q&A, you want to touch on enough of it that it feels real, but leave them wanting more so you get the meeting.
Okay. Thank you so much.
I thought that was a very good 1st pitch. All right. Who's next?
Alright, Brian, let's go.
Alright, can you guys hear me?
Yep.
Awesome. So Rhonda is an AI receptionist for dental practices. Every day there's over a million Americans that are due for a dental appointment.
The vast majority of them don't actually end up looking to point over the dentist. Second thing is about 30% of phone calls coming into a dental practice are messed by receptionists. The bottleneck here is being capital.
How many receptions can I get to make outbound calls and pick up inbound calls.
That's why we built Rhonda with Rhonda. You can answer 100 calls at once.
And it directly introduces your practice management system. The best part, Rondo works 24 7 every single day.
She doesn't take a vacation and she doesn't take any breaks.
That's what patch.
That was good. That was 40 seconds. So you're almost all the way there. Try.
Yeah, so it was good the media thing that comes to mind is why dental practices that seems like a small TAM.
Like it seems like if this thing works, why is it unique to dental practices or why is this problem unique to dental practices?
And, So I, and maybe it's okay to have that if you answer that in your QA.
It's interesting. The other thing I didn't like and I think this goes, this is really important.
You, you put the problem out there that they're over a million people, whatever your number is.
There are a million people who should have a dental appointment and aren't making one today. So the problem statement was about the consumer.
But your customer is the dental practice. And that's who's paying you. And so there was a disconnect for me because I if if the consumer were paying me that would have made sense but the dental practice is paying me and so I think I want to come up I want to state the problem in terms of the dental practice.
So if, and I'm going to make shit up, my numbers will be all wrong, but you could say something like you know.
Dental practices are struggling today. There's high overhead and they need patients. They need the patients to come in for the regularly scheduled practices to make ends meet.
Yet, there are over a million unscheduled people who don't have scheduled than appointments.
Rhonda is our automated AI assistant who's going to help solve this problem. How does she do it?
There's never a busy line. There's never an unanswered phone call. There's never an UN responded text.
Rhonda proactively whatever blah blah blah so I would orient if you're going to have a problem statement, it should be a problem for the person who is paying you, who is your customer.
No, I think that's a great feedback. Definitely already state that problem.
And, yup. Yup. And these things apply to all of you, right? Many times people don't understand who the customer is, right?
The classic one is people would say years ago would say, oh, who is Facebook's customer? And people would say, oh, it's all the people on Facebook.
Well, now it's really the advertisers, right? The advertisers who pays them.
The people are actually the product. You and I are the product. And so it's really important that you 0 in on these things because it will make it easier for the audience to understand that problem solution and to tie the together.
Make sure you really are crystal clear about who your customer is. Why they are paying you, what is the job to be done?
Let's go to the next one.
Alright, Snow. Thank you.
Yeah, thanks. That was great.
Okay.
Hey. Yeah, so everyone uses Chechnya. But only a few people use it for work in the right mode.
So think about where your staff spend most of your time during the work. So that's the place where the HTTP or AI co-pilot should live in integrated too.
So, rumba, there helps, companies. To use Chechnya in their workflow.
And we already have more than 50 paying customers including BCG. And laser away. The leaders of the companies, leaders of our customers succeeded in introducing cutting edge.
Technology into their staffs. Improving their work, work performances. We believe that.
Most of the companies more and more companies will utilize AI co-pilot for their workflows and we are the one who can help them.
That was good.
To utilize it. Much better in their workflow. We are looking for discussing, further investment with you.
So please reach out to me.
That was a little over one minutes now.
Okay.
So Snow, I have no idea what you do. I think you're a consultant. I think you're a consulting firm that comes in and does some consulting and tells them.
Where they should use chat GPT what do you actually do i'm guessing that's not what you do
Yeah, so yeah, that's correct. We are providing the service. No code service so that non-technical people can create, no code service so that, non-technical people can create custom, chchPT in their workflow.
So give me a concrete example. Give me a use case.
S they can build people team at AI assistant. Who can answer. Before they, answer to the people.
So they can create AI assistant in their Slack or Microsoft teams. So that they can do some work.
Instead of them.
So.
You have real customers. Right, so I think, you know, do you want him to explain like a real use case?
Yes, how's PCG using this?
Oh yeah. So PCG is running their pilot program with us. So they built some.
Hey, AI assistant who can answer to answered questions in the slack, which their customers, their clients living in.
So they have 500 people in one select channel asking bunch of questions to the BCG people the AI comes up and they built AI using Plugber to answer that kind of questions.
Alright, I'm gonna make stuff up, but I think what you're doing.
And you're your Fortune 5 Hundreds or big companies or your enterprises or your customer, right?
But, yeah, we have, but our major target is meat size enterprise. And so if, around.
Yeah.
Okay, mid size. Okay. So let me let me make something up, but let me try.
Come mid to large mid to enterprise size companies have vast warehouses of data. About their customers, about operations, about how they work.
But they've been previously inaccessible. So, they have humans who answer, whether it's the HR department, whether it's a research department, whether it's as part of the sales process.
Imagine a world where an AI agent was trained specifically on the data that's within your enterprise. So that it could answer anybody's question accurately, quickly.
And efficiently. That's what rumba is. We take the data that the, and then I would go into a very specific use case like HR, for instance.
You know, at BCG, make, use a real one, but it BCG, we have trained run bear.
On all of the documentation around human resources, benefits, health insurance, 400, and onek and all 98% of employees questions are answered through slack instantly by run bear.
It saves BCG money. It makes their employees happy and it gets accurate information out. We make companies more efficient.
I don't know. I got to work on it. But does, is that sort of what you're doing?
Yeah, yeah, that makes sense. Actually, our focus is more on about integrating, the AI into the Slack rather than building the AI itself.
But Totally I get that what you mean.
But make it concrete and make it so it's very clear why a company wants you. When you, the description you gave and go back and listen to it in the recording if you want it really sounded to me like you were a consultant.
I see.
So, all right, let's go to next. We're gonna have to go faster because we're gonna try to get to everybody and I have a hard stop in 20 min.
Thank you.
Alright, Jayla.
Oh wow.
Okay. There are nearly a hundred 50 trips booked annually. And people are going to top destinations around the world.
And destinations like Rome where you go to the call CM and there are lines out the door. And during our time at Techstars, we found that most of our travelers actually a want to avoid these crowds and want to have more immersive and cultural experiences.
So introducing Travis, a regenerative travel platform that makes it easier for people to find and book immersive cultural experiences that that are good for people and planet.
We believe travel can be a force for good and it is time for change. Tavares, gives you access to unique, immersive experiences that allow you to fully engage with.
Destinations no matter where you go.
That was 1 min.
Alright, so let me take a pass at this one. I'm going to make up numbers again, Something like Travel is a 2.7 trillion dollar industry globally.
For most people going on that cruise or going to Cancun and going to Disneyland is totally fine.
But for the top 2%, there's a small segment, 2% of the population really wants to do something different and wants to have an impact on the globe.
It's that and then we got to do the math about 2.7 trillion times 2% which I think is 54 million it's that 54 billion dollars market that we're going after.
For the people who want something unique. Travis is the tool that gets them that unique vacation that not only is different, but it's impactful.
We're sensitive to the environment. We do blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
We are for the 50. We're doing this for the 54 billion dollars. Market of people who want to do something, who don't want to travel with the masses.
I like that.
So I tried what I tried to do is make clear that there is this giant market. And even if you're only 2% of the giant market, it's still a really big market, right?
And I do believe travel is over a trillion dollar market a year. It's that big, literally, so these numbers will work.
And then talk about how you're different. Be polarizing. Like it's great if you want to go to Cancun on a junket.
That's not our customer. Right, our customer, and it'd be great if you use concrete example.
Our customer wants to spend 8 days in the rainforest than Costa Rica. Picking coffee beans and you know.
Hanging out with the Howler monkeys. Whatever but make it be some you know make it be very clear who your customer is and what they want and then implicit whether you want to say it or not.
One thing I was reluctant to do, I almost said, oh, the top 1%. I was like, Oh, boy, you're gonna get labeled with the like 1% or kind of thing.
But it really is catering to people who have more money or more looking for unique experiences. And you have to figure out how to say that without feeling too elitist.
Or maybe you want to feel elitist. It's up to you. Yeah.
The regenerative, help with that try since it's like they give back to the community they're going to, you know.
Yep.
The wherever it's it won't seem as elitist because it's like people trying to do good.
So you guys should all watch back this recording. Because Troy has basically done the pitch for most of the you.
So I would watch it back and write it down and then iterate.
I want to be clear. Hopefully I've given you some outline. You can always make it better.
Like, I mean, I've had, I get 60 seconds about while you're talking about it.
Alright, is Dan next?
Yeah.
Yeah, so unfortunately there is no background music that I wanted to start the opening but everybody knows the song of David Bowie under pressure.
Right? So, basically that's my opening thing like as I imagine it's right now and I'm start from Pressure over, half of, web agencies and digital specialists and over 3.5 million digital specialists on worldwide.
Leave under the pressure of mason deadlines. While working on web projects. And that apps.
But these allows you to. If it allows you to collaborate visually while you're working on the websites.
And eliminate miscommunication all over communication while you're doing that. With VS. Customer on average half of the time just eliminate this process.
So, we're busy already have 600 accounts and customer love us This customers and 115 countries all all the world.
That's 1.
It's a 6.5 billion. Dollars industry. And we're here to raise 1 million dollars but there is no pressure.
Good, Andy. So I would say like that.
I like I so Yeah, so the fact that you're under pressure and you did the but we have no pressure is a good way to put the book ends on it.
That was awesome. Are you like Canva for websites?
Okay. Right.
Pretty much. Yes, so you can collaborate on live web elements. So it, it reduce that miscommunication with the words when you actually can.
Okay, so you didn't you I don't think you did a good enough job of highlighting what the actual problem was.
And who your actual customer is. And you know you open up with some big numbers but you know imagine if you opened up with something like and again my numbers are all wrong.
But, you know, last year in the US, the average website cost 175% of how much it was quoted and took 4 times as long to develop.
That's because they weren't using us. What's it called?
Web visual.
Yeah.
Web video. That's because they weren't using Web what?
What?
And yeah.
Oh, are you gonna have trademark issues with Visio?
No, we don't. We already registered it.
Okay, anyway, that's because they didn't use web busio You see, Web Vizio makes the.
Yeah.
Takes the communication portion of building web. Product building websites completely out of the out of this out of the equation because everybody sees the same thing at the same time.
I don't know how your product actually works, but you need to set up the why there's a problem and how you solve it which was not clear to me at all.
Okay.
And I just kinda had to make up like, oh, is this Canva for? For websites but and it's also can't be for every website so the narrower you get and the more concrete of the use case you have the easier it will be to imagine.
So this is probably for marketing websites or maybe it's for e-commerce websites or maybe it's for, you know, blogging websites.
I don't know, but it probably isn't for all 3. Right? You probably have a niche that you do really, really well.
And so I would focus on what you do. What the specific problem, why these things cost more and take longer and how you solve that problem.
Okay.
Is what I focus on. Okay, Philippe.
Alright, whenever you're ready.
Believe.
Yeah, I hear sorry about that. Okay, so surely you have had to renovate a space in your home and found yourself hesitating over the purchase decision overwhelmed by the disorganized and overload offer of home decor products.
Online in a highly fragmented and poorly personalized ecommerce market. This common frustration directly impacts the main company of our clients.
The retail e-commerce business. Who continue to struggle with low conversion rates and high chopping caravan rates in an addressable market worth over 90 billion US dollars.
There's all this challenge we created Go House and I power platform that integrates seamlessly with retailers e-commerce automatically categorize their products in the variety of styles with high precision and immediately offers personalized product suggestion for home decoration to their customers.
With Walmart until in just 4 months we capture over 7,000 users and achieve an impressive conversion rate of 3%, double the 1.5% of the market.
I am Felipe, cofounder and CEO of Go House and we invite you to join us in our mission to make home decoration accessible, affordable and sustainable for everyone.
That was exactly a minute. It sounds like you've done that before, Philippe.
Yes, sometimes.
If
Yeah, no, that was pretty good. That really was pretty good. But if I were to try to redo that, I think I would take a slightly different approach.
That I would identify that there is a giant market. By the way, I don't, little aside, this is for everybody.
You started out with you've probably done a home renovation project before I don't like starting out with something like that because what if I haven't I'm like no I haven't I don't you don't know anything about me I'm getting defensive automatically Right?
That's why I don't like asking the audience a question either as an opening. It can work.
But it can also backfire. So I would rather state a fact that nobody can take sides with.
Home renovation is, is a, you know. Whatever it is, 750 billion dollars marketplace in the US.
Boom. Fact. Big market. You could then say that, you know, the top 5%.
Have access to home decorators who make it easy, make the process easy. They come to you and they show you lay out 5 or 10 choices for every decision you have to make and they come to you making it easy.
Unfortunately, most of us can't afford that. Until now. Let me tell you about our AI home decorating solution.
It does the work of the home decorator. But it does it at a fraction of the cost. And it does it more efficiently.
It's not biased by commission rates that it gets from various manufacturers. It's not biased by its own taste.
It asks you a series of simple questions, gets a sense of your taste, and learns with every interaction.
What you like and don't like so that it can more quickly get you the right product at the right price, helping you save money and save time.
I made all that up, but I think it's directionally what you're doing, right?
Yeah, great. Yeah.
So I thought yours was pretty good. Think about the way I you know, think about some alternatives. So for everybody, once you get something you like, It's still valuable to test other approaches.
And you're basically A, B testing and then asking people. Did that resonate better? Did that hit hard?
What were you confused about? But I would have made the analogy that your product does the job of the designer at a fraction of the price and does it better because they have access to every product.
They are not biased and they get smarter with every interaction with you.
Alright. I think. Valerie will be their last one.
Yeah, so but I think we can fit 2 so Antonio and then We have 8 min left.
So.
Oh, okay. Let's go, Antonio, you're up.
Oh yeah? Okay. I lost 40 pounds last year. Thanks to better nutrition, more feasible exercise and better stress.
Management. My Apple Watch, my smart scale helped me in this journey to announce my physical well-being.
There is not such a thing today. There is no such a viable today to measure my mental wellbeing.
Yet we rely on most of our daily activities. On our minds. With 27% of US adults so stressed that they cannot function every day.
Anyway, we are building the 1st wearable device for continuous monitoring or your stress and anxiety. Hey, where's EG wearable measures your brain waves in our pattern painting new neural, mural coach, AI, AI, neural coach, provides actionable feedback to announce your mental well being every day.
We have a working prototype. We are raising our C round to help us cut these wires.
And aware empowers individuals to take control of their mental wellbeing and lose their weight.
I think your approach is right. I think you can do better with word selection, but I think the approach of opening up with and you know you opened up you spent too much time in my opinion on your 40 pounds.
You know you can you what if we said something like you know, physical well-being is a multi, you know, a bazillion dollar market, trillions of dollars.
Wait losses at the front of that. I should know. I worked hard and I lost 40 pounds with the last year with the help of my Apple Watch and my Fit bit, whatever, blah, blah, blah.
But what about mental well being? That has been unaddressed until now. Here is our device that does mental well being through brain waves, blah, blah, blah.
I think that approach is really, really good because you're basically taking an existing known giant market. And you're taking an existing known giant problem.
And you're borrowing brand from the big market that this is going to be big market and I think it's a really convincing pitch.
I think it's awesome. Alright, Valeria, you're up.
Thank you.
Alright, there are over 25 million small businesses that exist in run entirely through Instagram. They post pictures of the items they want to sell and talk to customers and do the entire checkout process using Instagram's direct messaging feature.
It's extremely inefficient for businesses to rewrite the addresses they receive into shipping websites.
Income Strip Ship, a dedicated shipping solution that cuts these times down from an average of 2 h to 30 min for every 10 packages.
Since launching in 2021 we've helped over 1,800 small businesses ship out over 130,000 packages.
Today we're looking to make some connections and have that next talk. Feel free to reach out.
Okay, 35.
Hmm. Oh my god, so short. Why does it fly by so quickly? Oh.
No, that was very good. You were very concise. I know exactly what you do. And the question is, So I have little nitpicks.
Not a number, is they?
You know, you did the, you did 2 h down to 30 min for every 10 packages like why not just Yeah, why not just say we cut the time it takes to prepare and ship a package down by we cut it by 75% Right?
Cause that's, I think that's how the math worked, right? We cut shipping, we cut shipping and preparation time by 75%.
Allowing and then you have to give the so what allowing those businesses to spend more time on what they love.
Finding great products, marketing them and dealing with their customers. Right. So, I mean, generally, I think it was very good.
It was super clear. I know exactly what you do. I liked it.
Thank you. Thank you. How would, what would I do with the other, I guess, 25 seconds other than the so what?
Well, you have to decide.
Yeah.
Okay, so you said something about 1,800 customers So investors. Are really looking for a trajectory.
So the slope of the curve is more important than is where you are at this point. Because let's say you had 2,000 customers 6 months ago and you have 1,800 today.
Should I be interested in you? Oh, no. But if you went from 0 to 1,800 in 4 months, I'd be ecstatic.
Huh.
Right? And so I don't know what the actual slope of your trajectory is and whether you talk counted in customers or bad packages.
Or revenue, but you know to be able to talk something about the trajectory and something about where you're headed.
How long have you been doing this?
Since March of 2021.
Okay, so you have been at it for a little while. What do you have a compounded growth rate for this year?
Like what does your growth rate been in the last 4 months of this year?
Oh, right now we're not focusing so much on growth. We're focusing on fixing a leaky bucket.
Okay.
So making our funnel more efficient and we have been like touching on that. So do you think that would be like a better story to tell?
And then maybe because we are planning like a high growth phase starting like right around demo day because we're fixing that leak.
Okay.
Yeah, everybody plan. Everybody plans a high growth phase. You have to, it's better to, again, if you can show it, prove it, don't tell it.
So, Lilianna put something in the chat. You can always, you know, take that time and use that in your video.
So you have a combined 2 min between your pitch and your video. If you only use 40 seconds in your pitch, you can use a minute 20 in your video.
Gotcha. Okay.
So it's not wasted. Alright.
Alright, that's a lot to think about. Thank you, Joy.
Of course.
Okay. We'll do closing that from you Troy. I think Bob has a quick thing and with 2 min left.
Yeah, I think you guys are getting it, right? There's a pattern here. This isn't rocket science.
It's about clearly stating your problem, this isn't rocket science, it's about clearly stating your problem, making sure the audience identifying your problem, making sure the audience identifies with the problem, making sure the audience identifies with the problem and understands who your audience identifies with the problem and understands who your customer is with the problem and understands who your customer is and understands.
How you're solving the problem, not all the details, but oh, that makes perfect sense. If I were selling stuff on Instagram, I wouldn't want to spend 2 h.
Why I want to reduce my time spending packaging and shipping stuff because that means I can do more time like making that clear and then leaving them wanting for more and the things that will want them for more things like if they understand you have a great trajectory if they think you have a great future, etc.
Will be back. I forget the day. I think it's either next week or the week after.
It's yeah, it's different for port and starboard. So Tories gonna come separately for each of you.
Alright.
So I don't remember the date. Do you have a quick question, Bob? Try us to leave in 1 min.
No, I was gonna pitch our CEOs driving, so I was gonna give it a shot.
Got it. Do you wanna?
But it We're at time.
Alright, I got to jump. But you guys are welcome to stay and Lilian is welcome to give you feedback.
Yeah, I'll give you that. I have time.
Awesome.
I apologize. Alright, I do have to jump. I'll see see you all later.
Yeah, See you later. Thanks, Try.
Thank you.
Lilly, can you go back through the colors again? Because we have a lot of black shirts.
Over here.
Yeah, so I said you guys shouldn't have like black, white and gray. That's like, how are they gonna find you in a crowd?
This is just my
That's my personality.
I'm just saying, like, why are you even wearing branded shirt? Like, you should just wear like snazzy outfits at that point, you know, like dress, dress dapper.
Like the whole point of wearing the t-shirt is that it's like bold and almost like obnoxious because you're like tech founders and people you want them to find you in the crowd and you know there will be lights and like different color lights and it'll be more dim than outside and it'll be hard for people to find you.
So that's like the whole point. I want it to be very clear that is just a recommendation.
Troy usually says that during this session, I actually stopped openly. Requiring it after like the 1st 2, times because I realize that like a lot of people are more comfortable wearing other things.
Some people just wear something really bright and it's like a dress like some of my female CEOs have worn like bright pink dress or something and they're like come find me you know and I'll be in the pink back there whatever it is like you just want to be able to be seen Oh, someone you you saw Shelley's she wore an apron because she was doing a baking company.
Someone else wore scrubs because they were doing medical supply company, you know? So it's like, you just want to be recognizable.
That's the whole point. It doesn't matter as much about the t-shirt. But for all of you putting black and white, I think that's kind of besides the point, even if it's not your actual branding, like you might wanna make t-shirts just for demo day, you have about 3, 4 weeks.
You could probably get some in. To Oakland by that time, just a suggestion. But Bob, the floor is yours.
I wanna hear your pitch.
Alright, I'm still in this format from, so. For many Americans a 400% APR is the only credit product available to them through payday loans.
Worse than that, they're unable to be underwritten by financial institutions who see them as too high risk.
And untrustworthy. In addition, since 2019. More than 19% of the US population has moved below the 700.
Vantage score in credit bands and so even fewer people are having an opportunity to participate in the economy.
Wouldn't it be great if we could eliminate not only bias but also improve the performance of underwriters and in the credit space.
The prime provides AI powered underwriting as a service to financial institutions, credit unions, and other fintech companies to increase profitability, reduce bias, improve consistency, and lift up all the boats.
For all of us.
That was 1 min. Okay, cool. You got the perfect timing. I think there's a lot to do here.
So that was a really good 1st pass. So for yours, it's really easy for your to just get like super like people's eyes.
Over because of how Much jargon there is, you know, it's deep financial terms and all of that and you want to keep everybody's attention even the people who know what you're talking about I still want to keep their attention and I want them to know how meaningful this is.
Like it's not just another fintech like you have a mission and sometimes I've heard Vincent talk about it like telling an actual story.
Maybe you don't have to go into an actual story, but something like like we really believe everybody is everyone should be have access to alone or like something like that you can tell a story like there was this person who I don't want to make up a story because I don't want to be offensive because I don't know your customers but like Someone who isn't able to afford a loan and like could have had this
life but they couldn't because of the problem that exists. We believe that shouldn't be the case.
I want to be careful because they're not your customer. Like I know your B twob. So it would be like much more trying to sell the mission.
As an attention grabber in like a sentence at the beginning, but I think that's worthwhile because I don't want people to not get it in the 1st 10 seconds that you're on mission driven fintech because that's what makes you guys different.
That's what makes people's ears perk up because most fintech are just like the moneymakers and you guys are different because you have this other angle which is extremely like So, So I want that to.
Hopefully we also make money. Yeah.
Yes, and you'll get to that because you had the rest of it. I'm talking in the 1st 10 to 15 seconds to even get them on your like on your page.
Is there something you can think of as like a hook?
Oh yeah, totally. I got a bunch of those like how many folks can't cover a unexpected $300 emergency like a flat tire, car repairs or, the number of folks who have mispriced debt who can't participate like what body of opportunity exists there, but also the amount of decades old underwriting practices where bias and discrimination are still prevalent because it's a human
making a decision at the end of the day. Wouldn't it be great if we can improve the consistency and fairness in decision making and open up the economy to folks who have been excluded.
Before
All of that was so interesting. So like obviously you can't take half the pitch to say all of that, but like I saw everyone's heads nodding like that was extremely engaging and also tells us a lot more about you.
Like there's a lot of storytelling there. A lot of the meat and potatoes should come during the Q&A.
You should think of this as like you're trying to give people the movie trailer so they sit to watch the film which is the next 5 min, the 1 min video, four-minute Q&A.
That's when Vincent can start just like lighting on fire with all of these numbers where it's like, look, here's the market size.
Here's what we're doing, you know, all of that. This should be a lot less of that.
You could pepper in one or 2, but it's should be a lot more. What you just said.
Yeah.
That was gold. Just now, in my opinion, when you come to pitch for Troy in a couple weeks, he might hate that and then you can iterate again.
But that's the whole point, right? We want a bunch of wads of paper thrown on your office floor because one at 1 point will get the perfect pitch.
Thank you.
Thank you. Cool. Okay, thanks for staying after everybody. I'll sit for like 4 more minutes if anyone has questions, but thanks for your engagement.
Remember that now you want to go and start iterating on your pitch. We're gonna start having sessions where we're practicing.
Next week we're going to talk about your demo day video and at least have some sort of like storyboard to walk through.
So just start working on it. Async you can send us stuff. Just know this is the kickoff so now it's expected that you guys in the background are starting to iterate on this stuff and we're always here to help.
Great work and thanks to that